CC 1.0.0 - Updating quick start and supported features [4.0.0] (#5012)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/quick-start-guide/quick-start-guide-docker-with-apim.md

### Step 1 - Download and setup Choreo Connect distribution zip

> Latest Choreo Connect distribution can be downloaded from the [page](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/releases). Extract the Choreo Connect distribution zip. Extracted folder will be called as `CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME` hereafter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latest Choreo Connect distribution can be downloaded from the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/releases). Extract the Choreo Connect distribution .zip file. The wxtracted folder will be called as `CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME` hereafter.
```

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/5012/commits/877891c33aed33fd26768308653306d191562895
